QUICKSTART.md, before:

# Quick Start Guide

## 🚀 Get Started in 3 Steps

### 1. Setup
```bash
git clone https://github.com/VasanthKumarTR/code_sync.git
cd code_sync
chmod +x setup.sh
./setup.sh
```

### 2. Add Topic to Repositories
Add the `codesync` topic to any repository you want to sync:
- Go to your repository on GitHub
- Click the gear ⚙️ icon next to "About"  
- Add `codesync` in the Topics field
- Save changes

### 3. Run Initial Sync
```bash
# Using GitHub CLI
gh workflow run "Sync Repositories"

# Or go to Actions tab in GitHub and click "Run workflow"
```

## 📋 What You Get

### ✅ 3 Automated Workflows
- **sync-repos.yml**: Main sync (daily + manual + on push)
- **monitor-repos.yml**: Checks for new repos every 10 minutes  
- **advanced-sync.yml**: Parallel sync with options (dry-run, etc.)

### ✅ Key Features
- 🔄 **Full Repository Mirror**: All branches, tags, history
- 🏗️ **Auto-Create**: Creates missing repositories  
- 🏷️ **Topic-based**: Only syncs repos with "codesync" topic
- 🚫 **Skip Archived**: Automatically skips archived repos
- 🔐 **Secure**: Uses encrypted GitHub secrets

### ✅ Your Requirements Met
- ✅ **New Repository Creation**: Monitored every 10 minutes
- ✅ **Push to Main Branch**: Automatic sync on code changes  
- ✅ **Personal Account → Organization**: Perfectly configured
- ✅ **Selective Sync**: Only repos with "codesync" topic

## 🎯 Perfect For
- Syncing your personal repositories to a company organization
- Creating selective backups of important repositories
- Moving specific projects to an organization structure

That's it! Simple, clean, and focused on your exact needs.

Need help? Check the full README.md for detailed instructions!

Commit message:

Switches sync to use 'codesync' branch for safe reviews
Updates all sync workflows and documentation to push changes to a dedicated 'codesync' branch instead of mirroring or updating main directly. Adds a template for immediate sync on push, clarifies the review process, and improves cleanup and branch handling logic. Enables safer review and merging, ensuring main branches in target repositories are only updated after explicit approval.

QUICKSTART.md, after:

# Quick Start Guide

## 🚀 Get Started in 3 Steps

### 1. Setup
```bash
git clone https://github.com/VasanthKumarTR/code_sync.git
cd code_sync
chmod +x setup.sh
./setup.sh
```

### 2. Add Topic to Repositories
Add the `codesync` topic to any repository you want to sync:
- Go to your repository on GitHub
- Click the gear ⚙️ icon next to "About"  
- Add `codesync` in the Topics field
- Save changes

### 3. Run Initial Sync
```bash
# Using GitHub CLI
gh workflow run "Sync Repositories"

# Or go to Actions tab in GitHub and click "Run workflow"
```

## 📋 What You Get

### ✅ 3 Automated Workflows
- **sync-repos.yml**: Main sync (daily + manual + on push)
- **monitor-repos.yml**: Checks for new repos every 10 minutes  
- **advanced-sync.yml**: Parallel sync with options (dry-run, etc.)

### ✅ Key Features
- 🔄 **Content Sync**: Full commit history and content
- 🏗️ **Auto-Create**: Creates missing repositories  
- 🏷️ **Topic-based**: Only syncs repos with "codesync" topic
- 🌿 **Safe Branching**: Syncs to "codesync" branch for review
- 🚫 **Skip Archived**: Automatically skips archived repos
- 🔐 **Secure**: Uses encrypted GitHub secrets

### ✅ Your Requirements Met
- ✅ **New Repository Creation**: Monitored every 10 minutes
- ✅ **Push to Main Branch**: Content syncs to "codesync" branch  
- ✅ **Personal Account → Organization**: Perfectly configured
- ✅ **Selective Sync**: Only repos with "codesync" topic
- ✅ **Safe Review Process**: Changes go to separate branch first

## 🎯 Perfect For
- Syncing your personal repositories to a company organization
- Creating selective backups of important repositories
- Moving specific projects to an organization structure

That's it! Simple, clean, and focused on your exact needs.

Need help? Check the full README.md for detailed instructions!
